did you see the latest Nintendo
newsletter whoa nice graphics I'd like
to get my hands on that game you mean
you haven't played it yet we can play it
on my Nintendo Entertainment System
it's The Legend of Zelda and its really
rad
those creatures from gas are pretty bad
octorok spec tags leaders too but when
your help I hear upholstery yeah cooling
yeah get some awesome intense a Nintendo
Entertainment System your parents help
you hook it up The Legend of Zelda sold
separately
watch Zelda become a legend on your
Nintendo Entertainment System Zelda
which way Legend of Zelda a never-ending
adventure new for your Nintendo
Entertainment System
now is Delta from the very start I got
the heart is Mars to play the part of
the down the beeping booming with spin
overhead view so the man's gotta do what
a man's gotta do so I say old track
collect the back
never cut slack and always watch my back
for Jack sister down yeah the do not
stand I'm the man with the bangles the
powers in my head and the powers in my
head cuts it down Dell gameboy sold
separately
you're gonna get in my car keys jingle I
like Bible Camp Kukui respect I know you
like football
that's located equally busy having on
your eyeballs under your facility
in the land of Hyrule that echoes a
legend
a legend held D by the royal family the
towels look boring I became a man
he embarked on a great journey
to the dance
testing the limits of his work
all to the belgian destiny
which is above all else to save me what
m6y Naomi you shit man
Oh
it's lotto kawaranai ha it's not poker
night
OTO tokahana watching tomorrow night
yeah commodity see second Oliver its
mahakasyapa say hi
a classy huh Kim at Elysee condo game
boy advance citadel offensive singing
over C cup look at all this
you